feat(ruleset): allow require calls in Node.JS (#1011)
stoplightio/spectral: docs/guides/custom-functions.md

};
```

> Require calls will work only in Node.js, therefore it's strongly discouraged to use them unless you don't plan to distribute your ruleset among other users:

Reviewer: >strongly discouraged to use them unless you don't plan

@P0lip This double negative statement is a tad hard to parse and be 100% sure we understand it right the first time.

How about something like this:

Require calls will work only in Node.js. They won't work in browser based context. Thus, it's highly recommended to not rely on require calls if you plan to distribute your ruleset.

Reviewer 2: I made a suggestion, think I got it.

> Require calls will work only in Node.js, therefore it's strongly discouraged to use them unless you don't plan to distribute your ruleset among other users:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Require calls will work only in Node.js, and will cause errors for anyone trying to use the ruleset in the browser. If your ruleset is definitely going to only be used in the context of NodeJS then using them is ok, but if you are distributing your rulesets to the public we recommend avoiding the use of `require()` to increase portability.
```

 ```js

> const foo = require('./foo'); // require is not available (see note below)

Reviewer: @P0lip In the context of that PR, that comment "// require is not available (see note below)" becomes a little bit confusing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const foo = require('./foo');
```
